[plugin-web-app-to-rest-api] Add ability to exclude URLs by regex in crawler table transformer (#4639)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app-to-rest-api.adoc

|
|List of relative URLs, a seed URL is a URL that is fetched by the crawler to extract new URLs in it and follow them for crawling.

> |`transformer.from-headless-crawling.exclude-extensions-regex`

Reviewer: do not remove it, but rather mark it deprecated

|Regular expression
a |`.*(css\|gif\|gz\|ico\|jpeg\|jpg\|js\|mp3\|mp4\|pdf\|png\|svg\|zip\|woff2
\|woff\|ttf\|doc\|docx\|xml\|json\|webmanifest)$`
|The regular expression to match URLs.

> The crawler will ignore all URLs that matching the given regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The crawler will not crawl all URLs that matching the given regular expression and they will not be added to the resulting table.
```

|
|List of relative URLs, a seed URL is a URL that is fetched by the crawler to extract new URLs in it and follow them for crawling.

|`transformer.from-headless-crawling.exclude-urls-regex`
|Regular expression
a |`.*(css\|gif\|gz\|ico\|jpeg\|jpg\|js\|mp3\|mp4\|pdf\|png\|svg\|zip\|woff2
\|woff\|ttf\|doc\|docx\|xml\|json\|webmanifest)$`
|The regular expression to match URLs.
The crawler will not crawl all URLs that matching the given regular expression and they will not be added to the resulting table.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/URI_fragment[URI fragments] and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_string[URL query] are ignored at filtering.

|`transformer.from-headless-crawling.exclude-extensions-regex`
|Regular expression
|no default value

> |Deprecated property, use `transformer.from-headless-crawling.exclude-urls-regex` instead. The regular expression to match extensions in URLs.

Reviewer: please use admonitions for deprecations, see: https://docs.vividus.dev/vividus/latest/plugins/plugin-applitools.html#_general_properties
